This file gives brief explanation about assets and provides information on the creation and the solution of possible puzzles.


Puzzle Stories
-Among the many boxes in the room, there is an NPC or a hint inside the note that indicates which of them has the key.
Ex: Inside the note is a hint that expresses the color of the box containing the key. “What happens if you mix green with red? (Yellow)”, therefore, it is requested to
open the yellow box. 
-A note in a note with the last 3 digits of the girl's date of birth of the safe's password. Therefore, the girl's date of birth is searched in the room.
-Written or verbal hints are given by the NPCs next to their boxes to find the safe's password. The door of the room is exited with the key or the relevant tool that 
will come out of the safe.
Ex : A math operation to find the first digit of the password is the number of a particular item in the room for the second digit, and a number embedded in the 
clothing on the NPC for the third digit.
- Through the riddles in the notes in the room, there will be clues about which of the switches, levers and valves in the room can be exited if activated.
Ex: Levers in the corners of the room will be activated and the buttons will be pressed with a pause.
- A note stating in which order the elements inside the Fuse Box should be aligned should be specified in a note emerging from a chest with the same password as the 
previous chest. If the fuse box is solved, you can escape from the room.
Ex: Ranking will be given in Binary and these 4 correct or incorrect statements will be filled in the correct places and the incorrect ones will be left blank 
(Sun Rises from the West, Red + Blue = Yellow, Ayy cycle is 28 days, Chickens cannot fly Answers: 0 0 1 1, so the last 2 will be filled)
- It is expected that the electric wave puzzle will be solved with a sound or a sign on the wall indicating which line the Electric Wave will bring.
Ex: Note containing a line that states that all lines must be perpendicular.
-There is a table with a number on it, which will create the password for the box next to the exit door, on the wall of each room, respectively, starting from the
room started. When it comes to the exit door of the house, the numbers in the rooms passed should be kept in memory in order so that the chest containing the key can 
be opened. Players who will not be informed about this in the game will think of using the numbers in these tables that have nothing to do with anything else.

Bulmaca Hikayeleri
- Oda içerisinde bulunan birçok kutulardan hangisinin içerisinde anahtar olduğunu belirten bir NPC ya da not içerisinde ipucu vardır.
Ex: Not içerisinde anahttarı barındıran kutunun rengini ifade eden “yeşille kırmızıyı karıştırırsan ne olur? (Sarı)” dolayısıyla sarı kutunun açılması istenir. 
-Bir Not içerisinde kasanın şifresinin kızın doğum tarihinin son 3 rakamı yazan bir not. Dolayısıyla odanın içerisinde kızın doğum tarihi aranır.
- Kutularının yanlarında bulunan NPC’ler tarafından yazılı veya sözlü olarak kasanın şifresini bulmaya yönelik ipuçları verilir. Kasadan çıkacak olan anahtaar ya da 
ilgili aletle odanın kapısından çıkılır.
Ex : Şifrenin ilk rakamının bulunması için bir matematik işlemi ikinci rakamı için oda içerisindeki belirli bir eşyanın sayısı üçüncü rakam için ise NPCnin üzerindeki
kıyafete gömülmüş bir rakam.    
- Oda içerisinde bulununan notlardaki bilmeceler aracılığıyla odanın içerisindeki switch, levers ve valves arasından hangilerinin aktive edildiği takdirde odadan
çıkılabileceğine yönelik ip uçları bulunacaktır.
Ex: Oda içerisinde köşelerde bulunan Levers aktive edilecek ve düğmelere bir ara verilecek şekilde basılacak.
- Fuse Box’ın içerisindeki elemanların hangi sırayla hizalanması gerektiğini belirten bir not bir önceki sandıkla aynı şifreye sahip bir sandık içerisinden çıkan bir 
notta belirtilmelidir. Fuse box çözüldüğü takdirde odadan kaçılabilmektedir.
Ex: Sıralama Binary şekilde verilecek ve bu 4 adet doğru ya da yanlış ifadeden oluşacak doğru olan yerler doldurulacak yanlış olan yerler boş bırakılacak (Güneş
Batıdan Doğar, Kırmızı + Mavi = Sarı, Ayy döngüsü 28 gündür, Tavuklar uçamaz cevaplar: 0 0 1 1, dolayısıyla son 2 tanesi doldurulacaktır) 
- Elektric Wawe’in hangi hizaya getirileceğimi belirten bir ses ya da duvarda bir işaret ile elektrik wawe puzzle çözüülmesi beklenmektedir.
Ex: Tüm çizgilerin dik oluşturulması gerektiğini ifade eden bir çizgi içeren not.
-Başlanılan odadan itibaren sırasıyla her odanın duvarında çıkış kapısının yanındaki kutunun şifresini oluşturacak olan üzerinde bir rakam olan tablo bulunur.
Evin çıkış kapısının yanına gelindiğinde geçilen odalardaki rakamlar sırasıyla hafızada tutulmalıdır ki içerisinde anahtar bulunan sandık açılabilsin.
Oyun içerisinde bunun bilgisi verilmeyecek oyuncular başka hiçbir şeyle alakası olmayan bu tablolardaki rakamları kullanmayı kendileri düşüneceklerdir.



Assets
Fuse Box
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/fuse-box-puzzle-unity-fbx-3d-model-186036
Switches – Levers - Valves
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/electronics/switches-levers-valves-127363#content
Safe Box
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/templates/systems/safe-vault-puzzle-system-177907
Safe Box on Wall 
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/safe-box-paint-padlock-4-handle-lock-rail-for-unity-fbx-3d-model-191890
Electric Wave Puzzle (Relevancy of the item needs be disgussed later)
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/templates/packs/electric-wave-puzzle-132204
Alternative Puzzle Set (This One will be decided by the all team members)
https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/templates/systems/first-person-narrative-adventures-complete-puzzle-engine-131623#reviews
